feat: add `cloudavenue_vcda_ip` resource (#335)
orange-cloudavenue/terraform-provider-cloudavenue: docs/resources/vcda_ip.md

---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vcda_ip Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "DRaaS (Disaster Recovery as a Service)"
description: |-
  The VCDa resource allows you to declare or remove your on-premises IP address for the DRaaS service..

>    -> Note: For more information, please refer to the Cloud Avenue DRaaS documentation https://wiki.cloudavenue.orange-business.com/w/index.php/DRaaS_avec_VCDA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -> Note: For more information, please refer to the Cloud Avenue DRaaS documentation https://wiki.cloudavenue.orange-business.com/wiki/DRaaS_with_VCDA.
```

---

# cloudavenue_vcda_ip (Resource)

The VCDa resource allows you to declare or remove your on-premises IP address for the DRaaS service..

>  -> Note: For more information, please refer to the [Cloud Avenue DRaaS documentation](https://wiki.cloudavenue.orange-business.com/w/index.php/DRaaS_avec_VCDA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -> Note: For more information, please refer to the [Cloud Avenue DRaaS documentation](https://wiki.cloudavenue.orange-business.com/wiki/DRaaS_with_VCDA).
```
